.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2018 Daniel Molina Garcia <lluvia@autistici.org>,
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH VISUALEQUATION 1 "September 30, 2018"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
visualequation \- an equation editor powered by LaTeX
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B visualequation
.RI [ option ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B visualequation
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBvisualequation\fP is a program that creates equations visually while using all the power of LaTeX.
Equations can be exported to PNG, PDF, EPS and SVG. It is possible to continue editing previously saved equations in PNG or PDF format (the equation is stored in the metadata).
.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.SH HELP
Click on Help->Basic Usage in the main menu to show basic instructions of how to use the equation editor (navigate, sub/super-scripts, different types of insertion, ...).
.SH BUGS
Write bug reports in the Issues tracker at <\fBhttps://github.com/daniel-molina/visualequation/issues\fP>.